docs(visual-studio): update create project wizard docs (#2191)
telerik/blazor-docs: getting-started/vs-integration/new-project-wizard.md

This article demonstrates how to use the Telerik Visual Studio extensions to create a new project that is pre-configured for the Progress&reg; Telerik&reg; UI for Blazor components.

> To create a new Telerik UI for Blazor application, use the **Create New Project** wizard. The wizard detects all installed versions of Telerik UI for Blazor and lists them in the **Version** combobox to let you to start your project with the desired version. To make sure the components are up-to-date, you can also [get the latest version]({%slug getting-started-vs-integration-latest-version%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new Telerik UI for Blazor application, use the **Create New Project** wizard. The wizard detects all installed versions of Telerik UI for Blazor and lists them in the **Version** dropdown for selection. To make sure the components are up-to-date, you can also [get the latest version]({%slug getting-started-vs-integration-latest-version%}).
```

## How It Works

The **Create New Project** wizard automates a set of steps that you otherwise must perform manually.

The wizard adds the following client assets to your project:
* [Telerik stylesheet]({%slug getting-started/what-you-need%}#css-theme-and-javascript-files).

> * [JS Interop file]({%slug getting-started/what-you-need%}#css-theme-and-javascript-files).

Reviewer: It makes more sense to link the two separate lines to their respective sections in the Workflow article, instead of point two links to the same place.

> The wizard also configures the project to use the Telerik UI for Blazor components by adding the following utilities:

Reviewer: The `TelerikLayout.razor` should highlight the TelerikRootComponent, rather than just mention that we are adding one more `razor` file. It's not immediately clear why we are doing this.

> To create a new Telerik UI for Blazor application, use the Create New Project wizard. The wizard detects all installed versions of Telerik UI for Blazor and lists them in the **Version** combobox&mdash;this feature enables you to start your project with the desired version. To make sure the components are up to date, you can also [get the latest version]({%slug getting-started-vs-integration-latest-version%}).

Reviewer 2: * The Style Guide recommends using bold formatting for the names of wizards (see [here](https://docs.telerik.com/style-guide/element-formatting#guidelines)).
* When used as an adjective , up-to-date should be hyphenated.

```suggestion
To create a new Telerik UI for Blazor application, use the **Create New Project** wizard. The wizard detects all installed versions of Telerik UI for Blazor and lists them in the **Version** combobox to let you to start your project with the desired version. To make sure the components are up-to-date, you can also [get the latest version]({%slug getting-started-vs-integration-latest-version%}).
```

## How It Works

The Create New Project Wizard automates a set of steps that you otherwise must perform manually.

> The wizard adds the following client assets to your project:

Reviewer 2: I recommend using ending punctuation consistently across the two lists (that is all items in both lists end with a period). Otherwise, when rendered they seem a bit off.

## Using the Wizard

> In the order of their appearance, the Create New Project wizard presents several screens with options that will assist you to configure your new app.

Reviewer 2: This is the last instance of bold formatting for the wizard name that I am suggesting. Please, apply as needed throughout.

```suggestion
In the order of their appearance, the **Create New Project** wizard presents several screens with options that will assist you to configure your new app.
```

> After you select the **Create New Project** option from the extensions menu, Visual Studio will open a **Configure your new project** window where you can select a location and a name for your project. 

Reviewer 2: Switching to present simple works equally well here. It's our [recommended tense](https://docs.telerik.com/style-guide/cheat-sheet#use-simple-tenses). 
```suggestion
After you select the **Create New Project** option from the extensions menu, Visual Studio opens a **Configure your new project** window where you can set the location and the name for your project. 
```

> Clicking the **Create** button in this window will open the wizard and you will go through the following steps:

Reviewer 2: You can safely use period to end your sentence here. And you can switch to present simple.

### Step 1: Select Initial Project Configuration

> In this screen, you can choose:

Reviewer 2: * Make sure that all bullet items use consistent ending punctuation.
* Switch hyphens to `&mdash;`, no spaces around it.

* Target framework - .NET 6, .NET 7 or .NET 8
* Hosting model - the options vary depending on the selected target framework.
* Location from where the application will get the Telerik UI for Blazor package - remote NuGet feed or local files.
* Telerik UI for Blazor version

### Step 2: Select Project Template

> This step allows you to select one of the [predefined Telerik project](#predefined-project-templates) templates. The available templates vary depending on the selected target framework and hosting model in step 1. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This step allows you to select one of the [predefined Telerik project](#predefined-project-templates) templates. The available templates vary depending on the selected target framework and hosting model in **Step 1**. 
```

## Using the Wizard

In the order of their appearance, the **Create New Project** wizard presents several screens with options that will assist you to configure your new app.

> After you select the **Create New Project** option from the extensions menu, Visual Studio opens a **Configure your new project** window where you can set the location and the name for your project. 

Reviewer: If we are talking about the VS top menu item, it should be in bold.

```suggestion
After you select the **Create New Project** option from the **Extensions** menu, Visual Studio opens a **Configure your new project** window where you can set the location and the name for your project. 
```

Clicking the **Create** button in this window opens the wizard and you will go through the following steps:

### Step 1: Select Initial Project Configuration

In this screen, you can choose:

* Target framework&mdash;.NET 6, .NET 7 or .NET 8.
* Hosting model&mdash;the options vary depending on the selected target framework.
* Location from where the application will get the Telerik UI for Blazor package&mdash;[remote NuGet feed]({%slug installation/nuget%}) or local files.
* Telerik UI for Blazor version.

### Step 2: Select Project Template

This step allows you to select one of the [predefined Telerik project](#predefined-project-templates) templates. The available templates vary depending on the selected target framework and hosting model in [**Step 1**](#step-1-select-initial-project-configuration).

> The Client and Server projects for .NET 6 and .NET 7 support all of the below-listed templates. The Hybrid projects and the .NET 8 WebApp support only the **Blank** template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Client and Server projects for .NET 6 and .NET 7 support all the templates below. The Hybrid projects and the .NET 8 WebApp support only the **Blank** template.
```

* **CRUD, Form, Chart**&mdash;A small app that showcases the Telerik UI Data Grid, Chart, and forms validation. The Grid also uses a basic CRUD service which is a common pattern for data updates in real applications.
* **Dashboard**&mdash;A basic dashboard layout that uses the TileLayout component for customizable dashboards, and showcases several ways individual blocks (tiles) can fetch data.
* **Admin**&mdash;A small app that shows a dashboard for admin. The app uses some of the main Telerik UI components like the [Data Grid]({%slug grid-overview%}), [Chart]({%slug components/chart/overview%}), [TileLayout]({%slug tilelayout-overview%}), [Form]({%slug form-overview%}), and more.

### Step 3: Configure Additional Project Settings

This screen lets you choose:

   * Whether to import the required Telerik UI stylesheet and JS Interop file by using the [static assets]({%slug getting-started/what-you-need%}#css-theme-and-javascript-files) or the [CDN method]({%slug common-features-cdn%}).
   * Whether to use [localization]({%slug globalization-localization%}) in the project or not.

>    * Whether to use [Font Icons]({%slug common-features-icons%}) in the project or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Whether to use [Font Icons]({%slug common-features-icons%}) in the project or the default SVG icons.
```

> ### Step 4 (Final): Select Theme

Reviewer: Why do we need to explicitly mention that this is the final step?

```suggestion
### Step 4: Select Theme
```

* **Dashboard**&mdash;A basic dashboard layout that uses the TileLayout component for customizable dashboards, and showcases several ways individual blocks (tiles) can fetch data.
* **Admin**&mdash;A small app that shows a dashboard for admin. The app uses some of the main Telerik UI components like the [Data Grid]({%slug grid-overview%}), [Chart]({%slug components/chart/overview%}), [TileLayout]({%slug tilelayout-overview%}), [Form]({%slug form-overview%}), and more.

### Step 3: Configure Additional Project Settings

> This screen provides option to configure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This screen lets you choose:
```

>    * Whether to import the required Telerik UI stylesheet and JS Interop file by suing the [static assets](/blazor-ui/getting-started/what-you-need#using-static-assets) or the [CDN method](/blazor-ui/getting-started/what-you-need#using-cdn).

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, why aren't these slug links but relative links instead?

```suggestion
   * Whether to import the required Telerik UI stylesheet and JS Interop file by using the [static assets](/blazor-ui/getting-started/what-you-need#using-static-assets) or the [CDN method](/blazor-ui/getting-started/what-you-need#using-cdn).
```

Author: Honestly, no idea. I'll update them.

   * Whether to use [localization]({%slug globalization-localization%}) in the project or not.

>    * Whether to use [Font Icons]({%slug common-features-icons%})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Whether to use [Font Icons]({%slug common-features-icons%}).
```

Author: I think I already updated that but I'll check.

> ### Step 4 (final): Select Theme

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 4 (Final): Select Theme
```

> Finally, you can choose from different [themes]({%slug general-information/themes%}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, you can apply one of the available [themes]({%slug general-information/themes%}) to your project.
```
